there was a whole controversial walk is not going to
be as much as in the afternoon and yet
I should not have meant fights in
more than a house where it was always a
lack of respect for the public of
somehow nobody thought of him
really because there were many people who
I asked for the night but yes
determined original way of schedule
they edited the stretched
there were also people who appreciated the
change of night time talking about if
they threw them or what I tell you is that a
the radio came to us messages from people
that he appreciated and that he liked the
change of schedule when we
we were discussing and Moscow how is it going to
result this change to us the
savings that came to us message that
they were happy that they preferred the
lawsuit
and in what way we are
witnessing is like edith trying to
tower show that it knew nothing
consecrating as it is said that I can not
come back after the photo on the networks
social wanted to kill
the Brazilian team ended up crushed
in the semifinals of the world
let's talk about a little less ending
bitter gift and the day come to Brazil
has a frame of euphoria say measures
the actors of the black arm soap opera
they were invited to our country and only
he missed the Olympic round in
our mythical moon park that normal the
it looks like it's going to be the only return they're going
to be able to give
short and life
the moment of greatest explosion in the
argentine television
recognize
how beautiful are you
for you when
I put them all of unemployed winner
weight
many can give
after listening how are you well said
so much that it started to sound a bit
excited if we have a little bit
it is a before and after not avenue
Brazil is your life changed a bit the
life already in Brazil come to help us
is that coming to Brazil is a success
matchless I feel like to hold out
a hand the person who is wrong is
says to move the tail
it's the people's request
This ordering people
it does not happen that he does not want to be prepared to see
stop a second assistant
the parallelism between the fabric while
the Brazilian players are going to have
nightmares with the Germans during
long time that must be made of
the life of marcelo because together with
avenida brazil ended the worst nightmare
for the bighead they are filming it for
see memory then short of what
is living here in argentina
the work in the week do a
song that should be able in the other have
brought up expensive all brazil
they hope german german tomorrow the german
what is compared why
We should never say Brazil is very
Awesome
that is fine I am like and that never
I thought this was going to end like no
I find words to say what
I 'm living Christmas I thought I was going
to get to the end but I did not miss the
end of brazil avenue
I swear by veloso caetano that is the worst
tragedy that I had to live
without mentioning it highlight if with germany
that more than the vertebra broke us
well art here the earth
the radio
Argentina's most popular couple of
these moments to make matters worse
popular idol jorgito had no better idea
have to take pictures with the shirt
our selection causing discomfort
in the green amarela love I do not want
know what they would have told him if he
I would have taken a picture with the shirt
German when the registered journal
jorgito posed with the Argentine shirt and
the Brazilians insulted him
game
daily registered avenida brasil is a
event in Argentina but the end fell
in the middle of the world it was so that
citizens of the neighboring country did not see with
good eyes that your actor pose to
just with ten of messi
he says he was in a fifth of
luján
he has slept he goes to sleep two days later
from that photo with him